you've built an empire from the ground
up mr. Hale it's an honor the man who
built in New York people will insist
that your buildings make you immortal
now as you slip away do you feel
immortal we offer humanity's greatest
minds more time to fulfill their
potential designed to offer you the very
best of the human experience it's alive
and into this long if we do this there's
no turning back your old life is over
what's that something to stop you or
what it's something to stop your heart
how are you feeling has her new body
smell sense of humor good just relax and
have some fun after all at your age I'd
say you've all this money getting close
close you can have already follow up in
a
huh you okay so seen anything like that
about 32 here this was an elucidation
immortality has some side effects well
how is this possible there is no science
no progress without sacrifice I never
wanted others to suffer I gave you what
you wanted you to the mid life no I did
soon I'll be going I can already feel my
selfie without me your mind will relapse
and we both know it takes over I'm the
only one standing between you and Olivia
you